Did you see it?
Even if you get the approval in the chaos
Can't open the treasure
The treasure is fake
Legends are just legends
You'd better not try it. It's impossible.
How could this Shushan Sword Emperor be a legend?
What I've done in my life
Just to open the treasure of the Sword Emperor of Shushan
Become a figure like the Sword Emperor of Shushan
Legend has it that
Shushan Sword Qi Erzong is actually for a legend
Competed for thousands of years
Shushan Sword Emperor Treasure Lime Legend
I was originally a swordsman under the Sword Emperor of the Thousand-Year Shu Mountain
Heaven's eyes have seen the treasures of Shushan
The treasure of Shushan contains all the secrets of Shushan
How could it be a legend?